# Web-Application-Dashboard-Python-Code-


How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
You can write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable by making sure that you comment on your code and testing your code often. It is also important to ensure that your files are linked properly and you manage where they are stored. 

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
You approach a problem as a computer scientiest by making sure you have a thorough understanding of the requirements of an application and ask clarifying questions when there is ambiguity. The next step is to match your problem to sub problems that you have solved before such as breaking the problem down into smaller tasks like creating the CRUD python module. I approached this project differently from other assignments because I had to use Linux server and Python to build this website and I approached this by working on each specific file before linking them together and also using the terminal and mongosh. My work on a project such as this can help a company do their work better by giving them a visualization of their work on a dashboard like this animal shelter, I can create a database that a company can use and reference when they ned to view charts or maps of items in a database. 
